From my and the all mobile teams point of view, Tris has had another fantastic year.
Despite some troubleing beginneing of the year with wome incidents related to stability of the mobile app and a difficult end of the year where because of the reorg some memebers has to be let them go, Tris stadily lead the teams and he was able to steer them with safge and sure guide.
I always very impress by his strategic vision and the way is able to navigate the interactions with other teams and departments: for this he has been defnietly a mentor and something i personally i want to achieve in the next year.
After a last year feeback suggesting to spend more time with the leads, he defnitely embraced it and the quality time with the mobile techincal leadership has increased and that has made the mobile teams more cohese and aligned.
The mobile team under Tris' leadersghip has achieved a lot: from technical point of view migration to clarity, rolling over of the NextBff to all the squads, and Observability are just a few high impact projects that we released thanks to the Tris spobnsorship and feeback.
Also a few critical product features have been release such as Wallet InApp verification, which was super compiicated to tests and needed Tris autoprity to have the thibngs moving with Mastercard.
Alos i was impressed by several occasion where Tris stepup helping the team to solve some tricke incidents such as the problem the android codebase faced with some problems with the ipv6 NetworkStack for customers in provider such as Ciommunity Fiber and Sky: what it looked like an unsalvable and mysterious bug, was in in the end solved thank to Tris' tenacious lead and some fantasious ways of reaching some network support department in Sky searching for some phone numbers in intenret of that department.
I've personally to thank Tris for all the help setting up Aurora this year and give me the freedom to finally fix the Mobile BFF from being the problemanitc peice in the mobile team, to be one of the most efficient Service in NewDay. 
And mainly to challeinging me to do public speaking and improve my speaking style: starting from the In Person Show&Tell to 2 main events like Londroid and NSLondon where he suggested to talk: this also lead othe mebers to to publick speaking and hence improve and recognise the bran NewDay in the tech scene in the UK.
For the future, given that mobile team is now smaller an more coese compared of it was before, I would like for Trios to challenge the product team more, not to be adversaial, but help them to be more product and less 'deliver'. One of the big issue i see in NewDay is that the prodcut department is more a 'delivery' department than a department able to create a digital product, and in that way preferring a short tactical delivery instead some more strategic planning capability delivery. I fearing that in order to please and calm down product people, Tris accpeted some technical compromises that would in the end make the product less stable and maintenable: in a way I hope to see Tris more protective of the Engineering part compared to the always have prodcut dictating the rules and deadline.
That said, I realluy looking forward to work this tyear with Tris. 2026 will be a trasfoprmative year for our industry, and Trius already give the indication of embed and use AI a way of improve the productivity of the team and this will definely put the team in the right direction.